1.Different between == & ===
    -> These are comparison operators.they always return boolean values like true or false
    -> == it compares only value
    -> == compares value and type of data as well
    -> If you want to find out data type of any value you need to use typeof operator

    2.var,let,const
    -These are three different way of creating or declaring the variables in js
    Var 
    - var declaration are globaly scope or function scope .
    -can be access everywhere i.e globally scoped variable
    Let
    - let declaration are block scope.
    const
    - const declaration are block scope.
   
    At the time of allocation of memory, they will get their memory also at different locations
    means var will be in global land let and const will get memory in temporal dead zone.

    3.spred operator
    - Basically they are used to destructor the array and object elements
    
    let obj=1={id:1,name:john}
    let obj2={ country :India , …obj1}
    Console.log(obj2)


    4.what is execution context
    - execution context is a concept inside js inigine. when we run any js code then 
    that file will be executed depends on execution context.
    -it as two types:-
    the monment you run the file ,global execution context GCE will be created. 
    inside this we are having two phases.

    1)creation phase:-
    this is initial phase of global execution content.Here all variables and function are given memory allocated .
    and value assin as undefined. the global execution context is pushed into the call stack 
    and it remains there until
    all the cade gets executed. After complete execution
    global execution context get popped from callstack.

    2)execution phase:-
    when function get executed a seperate execution context get executed
    ie function execution which is pushed code into the stack ie. at the
    top of the global execution context. here the code inside the function gets executed. After the execution
    of the function
    execution context gets popped out of te callstack and te rest of te code gets executed.

    5.what is mean by first class function
    -function wich ets pass as an arument to a function.
    function wich can be returnned from a function.
    function which can be assign to a variable as a value.
    are known as first class function.

    6.what is mean closur
    -is a combination of function bundled together with reference to its surrounding state(lexical environtment)
    ie. you can access outer functions scope from an inner function.

    7.what is call() apply() and bind() method.
    -Call invokes the function and allows you to pass in arguments one by one.
    Apply invokes the function and allows you to pass in arguments as an array.
    Bind returns a new function, allowing you to pass in a this array and any number of arguments

    8.prototypes
    The Prototype is an object that is associated with every functions and objects by default in js,
     where functions prototypes property is accesible and modifiable and objects prototype property is not visible.

    9.promise
    Promises are used to handle asynchronous operations in JavaScript.
    They are easy to manage when dealing with multiple asynchronous operations
    where callbacks can create callback hell leading to unmanageable code.

    10.What is the purpose of async/await keywords?
    -The async keyword turns a method into an async method, which allows you to use the await keyword in its body.
    When the await keyword is applied, it suspends the calling method and yields
    control back to its caller until the awaited task is complete.
    await can only be used inside an async method
